azure/az-cli/aks.md, before:

## Set up basic AKS cluster

#### Create resource group 
```
az group create --name myResourceGroup --location eastus
```

#### Create basic [cluster](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-create) with managed identity enabled
```
az aks create --resource-group myResourceGroup \
    --name myAKSCluster \
    --enable-managed-identity \
    --node-vm-size standard_dc2s_v3 \
    --node-count 2 \
    --generate-ssh-keys
```
#### Configure [kubectl](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/learn/quick-kubernetes-deploy-cli) to connect to your Kubernetes cluster
```
az aks get-credentials --resource-group myResourceGroup --name myAKSCluster
```

#### Verfiy cluster nodes are running
```
kubectl get nodes
```

#### Show the [dashboard](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-browse(aks-preview)) for a K8s cluster in a web browser
```
az aks browse --name myAKSCluster --resource-group MyResourceGroup
```

#### Validate the [ACR](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-check-acr) is accessible from the AKS cluster
```
az aks check-acr --name myAKSCluster --resource-group MyResourceGroup --acr myacr.azurecr.io
```

#### Tear down resource group including all resources created under it
```
az group delete --name myResourceGroup
```

Commit message:

Update aks.md - List K8s available as of today

azure/az-cli/aks.md, after:

## Set up basic AKS cluster

#### List K8s available as of today
```
az aks get-versions --location westeurope -o table
```

#### Create resource group 
```
az group create --name myResourceGroup --location eastus
```

#### Create basic [cluster](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-create) with managed identity enabled
```
az aks create --resource-group myResourceGroup \
    --name myAKSCluster \
    --enable-managed-identity \
    --node-vm-size standard_dc2s_v3 \
    --node-count 2 \
    --generate-ssh-keys
```
#### Configure [kubectl](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/learn/quick-kubernetes-deploy-cli) to connect to your Kubernetes cluster
```
az aks get-credentials --resource-group myResourceGroup --name myAKSCluster
```

#### Verfiy cluster nodes are running
```
kubectl get nodes
```

#### Show the [dashboard](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-browse(aks-preview)) for a K8s cluster in a web browser
```
az aks browse --name myAKSCluster --resource-group MyResourceGroup
```

#### Validate the [ACR](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-check-acr) is accessible from the AKS cluster
```
az aks check-acr --name myAKSCluster --resource-group MyResourceGroup --acr myacr.azurecr.io
```

#### Tear down resource group including all resources created under it
```
az group delete --name myResourceGroup
```
